d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.xr.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.build.appxrecipe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.exe
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows.pdb
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\EditedSelectedChildPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\MenuPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\NewTestPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\RegistrationPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\ResetPasswordPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\TestResultsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\UpdateChildDataPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\VerifyUserPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\ViewAllResultsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\EditedSelectedChildPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\EditedSelectedChildPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MenuPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MenuPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewTestPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewTestPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ResetPasswordPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ResetPasswordPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\TestResultsPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\TestResultsPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\UpdateChildDataPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\UpdateChildDataPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\VerifyUserPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\VerifyUserPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAllResultsPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAllResultsPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\EditedSelectedChildPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MenuPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewTestPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ResetPasswordPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\TestResultsPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\UpdateChildDataPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\VerifyUserPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAllResultsPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\EditedSelectedChildPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MenuPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewTestPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ResetPasswordPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\TestResultsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\UpdateChildDataPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\VerifyUserPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAllResultsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\NewChildSavedPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewChildSavedPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewChildSavedPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewChildSavedPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1\JuniorMathsApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\NewChildSavedPage.xbf
